docs: explain what world-age issue is (#362)
JuliaIO/FileIO.jl: docs/src/world_age_issue.md

For instance, when you use FileIO, you'll probably observe something like this:

```julia
julia> using TestImages, FileIO

julia> path = testimage("cameraman"; download_only=true)
"/home/jc/.julia/artifacts/27a4c26bcdd47eb717bee089ec231a899cb8ef69/cameraman.tif"

julia> load(path) # actual backend loading happens here
[ Info: Precompiling ImageIO [82e4d734-157c-48bb-816b-45c225c6df19]
[ Info: Precompiling TiffImages [731e570b-9d59-4bfa-96dc-6df516fadf69]
...
```

## The hidden issue

Although this lazy loading trick solves the large loading latency issue, it isn't a normal practice
in Julia because it introduces a so-called _world age issue_ or _world age problem_. The world age
issue happens when the compiled function becomes outdated.

Now, let's try something new to uncover this issue:

```julia
julia> using IndirectArrays, ImageCore

julia> img = IndirectArray(rand(1:5, 4, 4), rand(RGB, 5))
4×4 IndirectArray{RGB{Float64}, 2, Int64, Matrix{Int64}, Vector{RGB{Float64}}}:
...

julia> save("indexed_image.png", img)
```

and **reopen a new julia REPL** and wrap the `load` into a function, you'll observe something like
this:

```julia
julia> using FileIO

> julia> f() = length(load("indexed_image.png"))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> f() = size(load("indexed_image.png"))
```
Some people may not quickly see the connection between `length` and the error about `size`.

f (generic function with 1 method)

julia> f()
ERROR: MethodError: no method matching size(::IndirectArrays.IndirectArray{ColorTypes.RGB{FixedPointNumbers.N0f8}, 2, UInt8, Matrix{UInt8}, OffsetArrays.OffsetVector{ColorTypes.RGB{FixedPointNumbers.N0f8}, Vector{ColorTypes.RGB{FixedPointNumbers.N0f8}}}})
The applicable method may be too new: running in world age 32711, while current world is 32746.
Closest candidates are:
  size(::IndirectArrays.IndirectArray) at ~/.julia/packages/IndirectArrays/BUQO3/src/IndirectArrays.jl:52 (method too new to be called from this world context.)
  size(::AbstractArray{T, N}, ::Any) where {T, N} at abstractarray.jl:42
  size(::Union{LinearAlgebra.Adjoint{T, var"#s962"}, LinearAlgebra.Transpose{T, var"#s962"}} where {T, var"#s962"<:(AbstractVector)}) at ~/packages/julias/julia-latest/share/julia/stdlib/v1.9/LinearAlgebra/src/adjtrans.jl:173
  ...
Stacktrace:
 [1] length(t::IndirectArrays.IndirectArray{ColorTypes.RGB{FixedPointNumbers.N0f8}, 2, UInt8, Matrix{UInt8}, OffsetArrays.OffsetVector{ColorTypes.RGB{FixedPointNumbers.N0f8}, Vector{ColorTypes.RGB{FixedPointNumbers.N0f8}}}})

>    @ Base ./abstractarray.jl:291

Reviewer: This will need to be fixed.

```

> This is because when you first call function `f()`, the IndirectArrays package is not yet loaded and
> thus `size(::IndirectArray)` method is not defined yet. This is exactly what world age means: the
> compiled `f()` function is outdated because new methods are dynamically added in runtime. The
> perhaps surprising fact is that if you retry `f()`, it just works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand why this happened, you have to understand the order of events:

1. When calling `f()` from the REPL, Julia first compiled `f`. Importantly, when compiling, Julia didn't know what type of object was going to be returned by `load`, so in the compiled code it waits to see what object actually gets returned before figuring out which method of `size` to call. (This is called *runtime dispatch*.)
2. It queried the file, recognized a PNG file, and *loaded the ImageIO and PNGFiles packages*. (It's for the loading of these packages that you needed to start a fresh Julia session.)
3. FileIO calls the appropriate PNG-specific `load` function in PNGFiles. (We'll have more to say about this step further below.) This causes an image to be returned, which is an array of a type defined by the IndirectArrays package (a dependency of PNGFiles). 
4. `f` calls `size` on the returned image. However, this fails, because at the time you called `f`, the IndirectArrays package wasn't loaded.

In other words, `size` method lives in a world that's newer than the one from which you called `f()`.
This leads to the observed error.

!!! note
    World age is crucial to Julia's ability to allow
    you to *redefine* methods interactively, but the error we're illustrating is an unfortunate side-effect.

The good news is it's easy to fix, just try calling `f()` again:
```

```julia
julia> f()

> 16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(4, 4)
```

```

> The second `f()` works because this time you're running a recompiled version of `f()` in the latest
> world age with the necessary `size(::IndirectArray)` defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second `f()` works because this time you're calling `f()` in the latest
world age with the necessary `size(::IndirectArray)` already defined.
In essence, you fast-forward to the latest world with each statement you
type at the REPL.
```

> ## Solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Solutions

### `Base.invokelatest`

One solution is to make the call to `size` via `Base.invokelatest`,
which exists explicitly to work around this world-age dispatch problem. Literally, `invokelatest`
dispatches the supplied call using the latest world age (which may be newer than when you
typed `f()` at the REPL). **In a fresh Julia session**,

``julia
julia> using FileIO

julia> f() = Base.invokelatest(size, load("indexed_image.png"))
f (generic function with 1 method)

julia> f()
(4, 4)
``

!!! note
    In step 3 above ("FileIO calls the appropriate PNG-specific `load` function in PNGFiles"),
    the call to the `load` function defined in PNGFiles is made via `invokelatest`.
    Otherwise, even ordinary interactive usage of FileIO (without burying `load` inside a function)
    would cause world-age errors.

!!! warning
    Using `invokelatest` slows your code considerably. Use it only when absolutely necessary.

### Eagerly load the required packages first
```

Reviewer: You're going to have to change double-backticks to triple-backticks; unfortunately GitHub terminates the suggestion on the first triple-backticks it finds.

Author: A tip is to wrap the block with four backticks

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8684355/175204404-53bcfb0e-76f4-4869-bff7-d6cae466d114.png)

> The solution to the world age issue is simple: **eagerly load the needed packages**. For instance,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another solution to the world age issue is simple and doesn't have long-term downsides:
**eagerly load the needed packages**. For instance,
```

if you're seeing world age issue complaining methods related to `IndirectArray`, then load
IndirectArrays eagerly:

```julia
julia> using FileIO, IndirectArrays # try this on a new Julia REPL

> julia> f() = length(load("indexed_image.png"))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
julia> f() = size(load("indexed_image.png"))
```

f (generic function with 1 method)

julia> f()

> 16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(4, 4)
```

```

Thus if you want to build a package, it could be something like this:

```julia
module MyFancyPackage

# This ensures that whoever loads `MyFancyPackage`, he has IndirectArrays loaded and
# thus avoid the world age issue.
using IndirectArrays, FileIO

f(file) = length(load(file))
end
```

> Enjoy the FileIO and its lazy loading, but be aware that this isn't the silver bullet for latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enjoy the FileIO and its lazy loading, but be aware that its speedy loading comes with some caveats.
```
